---
layout: page
title: Verge-CSIRT Profile (RFC 2350)
permalink: /security/rfc2350.html
---
# Verge-CSIRT Profile

# 1.0 Document Information
This document was created based on [RFC 2350](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2350.txt).

### Date of Last Update
This is version 1.0 as of January 7, 2018.

### Distribution List for Notification
Verge-CSIRT does not use any distribution lists to notify about changes to this document.  Significant changes may be announced using Verge website and/or official Verge communication channels (i.e. Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, Slack, Telegram, Steam, IRC, Discord, Reddit).

### Locations where this Document May be Found
The current version of this profile is available at [http://vergecurrency.com/security/rfc2350.html]( http://vergecurrency.com/security/rfc2350.html).

## 2.0 Contact Information
### Name of the Team
**Full name:** Verge Computer Security Incident Response Team<br>
**Short name:** Verge-CSIRT

### Address
Verge-CSIRT operates online at [http://vergecurrency.com/security]( http://vergecurrency.com/security).

### Time Zone
Verge-CSIRT is a global team, however, any references to time will be in eastern standard time (EST) unless otherwise stated.

### Telephone Number
None.

### Fax Number
None.

### Email Address
Please send incident or vulnerability reports to security@vergecurrency.com.

Other security related issues or requests should be addressed to security@vergecurrency.com

### Public Keys and Encryption Information
Please encrypt any sensitive emails with the Verge-CSIRT PGP key.

### Team Members
| Role | Name | PGP Key ID |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Security Team Lead | Brian Erdelyi | 002DFC0C |


### Other Information
Additional information about Verge-CSIRT can be found at [http://vergecurrency.com/security](http://vergecurrency.com/security).

## 3.0 Charter
### Mission Statement
Verge-CSIRT is Verge's cyber investigations and forensics team and the primary point of contact for security related incidents or issues involving any Verge products or services.

- Verge websites
- Official Verge communication channels (i.e. Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, Slack, Telegram, Steam, IRC, Discord, Reddit)
- Verge source code (i.e. GitHub repositories)
- Verge digital currency

Verge-CSIRT is the authoritative source of Verse security alerts and guidance about protecting digital currencies (Verge and others).

### Constituency
Verge-CSIRT is a global team that is committed to supporting users of Verge products and services.  Users can be confident that security related issues will be appropriately handled and resolved.

### Sponsorship and/or Affiliation
Verge-CSIRT is a subset of the Verge team.

### Authority
Verge-CSIRT coordinates, investigates and provides guidance to remediate security incidents.

## 4.0 Policies
### Type of Incidents and Level of Support
Support is provided on a best effort basis.  All incidents are considered normal priority unless they are labelled EMERGENCY.  Verge-CSIRT may change the priority at any time.

### Co-operation, Interaction, and Disclosure of Information
All information is handled confidentially by Verge-CSIRT, regardless of its priority, on a need to know basis.  Verge-CSIRT may share information with other Verge teams or service providers used by Verge.

When reporting a sensitive incident, please state explicitly (for example, by using the the label SENSITIVE in the subject field of an e-mail) and, if possible, using encryption as well.

Verge-CSIRT supports the [Traffic Light Protocol](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Traffic_Light_Protocol). Information that arrives with the tags WHITE, GREEN, AMBER, or RED will be handled appropriately.

### Communication and Authentication
See Public Keys and Encryption Information.  Usage of PGP/GnuPG in all cases where sensitive information is involved is highly recommended.

## 5.0 Services
### Incident Response (Triage, Coordination, and Resolution)
Verge-CSIRT can assist users of Verge products or services in handling the technical aspects of computer security incidents.

### Proactive Activities
Verge-CSIRT proactively advises constituency in regards to vulnerabilities, trends in hacking/cracking, and publishes guidance to help users protect their digital currencies (Verge and others).

## 6.0 Incident Reporting Forms
Not available.  Please report using encrypted email.

## 7.0 Disclaimers
Verge-CSIRT is provided on a best effort basis with no guarantees.
